[HOPSWORKS-CLOUD-1856] autoscale documentation (#334)
logicalclocks/feature-store-api: docs/hopsworksai/autoscaling.md

# Autoscaling
If you run a Hopsworks cluster version 2.2 or above you can enable autoscaling to let hopsworks.ai start and stop workers depending on the demand.

## Enabling and configuring the autoscaling
Once you have created a cluster you can enable autoscaling by going to the *Details* tab and clicking on *Configure autoscale*

<p align="center">
  <figure>
    <a  href="../../assets/images/hopsworksai/configure_autoscale.png">
      <img style="border: 1px solid #000" src="../../assets/images/hopsworksai/configure_autoscale.png" alt="Configure autoscale">
    </a>
    <figcaption>Configure autoscale</figcaption>
  </figure>
</p>

> Once you have clicked on *Configure autoscale* you will access a form allowing you to configure the autoscaling. This form is in two parts. In the first part, you configure the autoscaling for general-purpose compute nodes. In the second part, you configure the autoscaling for nodes equipped with GPUs. In both part you will have to set up the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have clicked on *Configure autoscale* you will access a form allowing you to configure the autoscaling. This form is in two parts. In the first part, you configure the autoscaling for general-purpose compute nodes. In the second part, you configure the autoscaling for nodes equipped with GPUs. In both parts you will have to set up the following:
```

1. The instance type you want to use. You can decide to not enable the autoscaling for GPU nodes by selecting *No GPU autoscale*.
2. The size of the instances' disk.
3. The minimum number of workers. 
4. The maximum number of workers.

> 5. The targeted number of overprovisioned nodes. Setting resource overprovisioning ensures that there are always some free resources in your cluster. This ensures that requests for new resources are fulfilled promptly. You configure the overprovisioning by setting the number of nodes you want to be overprovisioned. For example, if you set a value of *0.5* the system will start a new worker each time there are less than the resource equivalent of half a worker in the cluster. If you set this value to 0 new workers will only be started when a job or notebook request the resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The targeted number of overprovisioned nodes. Setting resource overprovisioning ensures that there are always some free resources in your cluster. This ensures that requests for new resources are fulfilled promptly. You configure the overprovisioning by setting the number of nodes you want to be overprovisioned. For example, if you set a value of *0.5* the system will start a new worker every time the aggregated cluster resources drop below 50% of a single worker's capabilities. If you set this value to 0 new workers will only be started when a job or notebook request the resources.
```

Reviewer: I am not sure if my phrasing makes more sense, but this part needs some improvement

> 6. The time to wait before removing unused resources. One often starts a new computation shortly after finishing the previous one. To avoid having to wait for workers to stop and start between each computation it is recommended to wait before shutting down workers. Here you set the amount of time in seconds resource need to be unused before they get removed from the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The time to wait before removing unused resources. One often starts a new computation shortly after finishing the previous one. To avoid having to wait for workers to stop and start between each computation it is recommended to wait before shutting down workers. Here you set the amount of time in seconds resources need to be unused before they get removed from the system.
```

    </a>
    <figcaption>Configure autoscale details</figcaption>
  </figure>
</p>

Once you have set your configuration you can review it and enable the autoscaling.

!!! note
    There are two scenarios if you already have workers in your cluster when enabling the autoscaling:
    
    1. The preexisting workers have the same *instance type* as the one you set up in the autoscaling. In this case, the autoscaling system will manage these workers and start or stop them automatically.
    2. The preexisting workers have a different *instance type* from the one you set up in the autoscaling. In this case, the autoscaling will not manage these nodes but you will still be able to remove them manually.

<p align="center">
  <figure>
    <a  href="../../assets/images/hopsworksai/configure_autoscale_review.png">
      <img style="border: 1px solid #000" src="../../assets/images/hopsworksai/configure_autoscale_review.png" alt="Configure autoscale review">
    </a>
    <figcaption>Configure autoscale review</figcaption>
  </figure>
</p>

## Modifying the autoscaling configuration

> You can update the autoscale configuration by going to the *Details* tab of the cluster and clicking on *Configure autoscale*. You will then go through the same steps as above. Note that if you change the *instance type*, nodes that are currently existing in the cluster with a different instance type will not be managed by the autoscale system anymore and you will have to remove them manually. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can update the autoscale configuration by going to the *Details* tab of the cluster and clicking on *Configure autoscale*. You will then go through the same steps as above. Note that if you change the *instance type*, nodes that 
 currently exist in the cluster with a different instance type will not be managed by the autoscale system anymore and you will have to remove them manually. 
```
